We need to document an ongoing issue involving Alex Hogue (@mangopdf on X/Twitter). Alex has a troubling history of using their position in the cybersecurity industry to engage in manipulative and coercive behavior, particularly harassing women. This is not a new behavior for Alex, we have reports going back for years from women who have been experienced this behavior by Alex. 
Alex has been at this for a long time and has an established playbook they like to use. At industry events, Alex often presents themselves as a recruiter or career ambassador. Often after delivering a presentation, Alex engages with attendees, being particularly drawn to university and high school age women. Under the guise of discussing career opportunities, Alex expresses interest in their aspirations and suggests potential career directions. Alex will talk about big tech companies and suggest that it might be an appealing option for the women after she has finished her studies. The conversation usually concludes with Alex asking the women for contact details so that they can be contacted when there is the next graduate intake at a big tech company that Alex has connections at. Alex implies he has connections with recruiting at companies including Microsoft, Google, Atlassian, Netflix, Canva, GitLab, and others.

Days to weeks later, Alex will reach out to the woman via email or text message to continue the conversation. These conversations start out professional enough and talk about areas like what technical skills the woman has. Eventually Alex drops the sales pitch that they are going to help get the women a job. Of course, this process naturally involves Alex suggesting they go meet up somewhere to talk about the opportunity more.

These meetings often take place in informal settings, such as cafes or bars. Although Alex will proudly state they don't really like to drink themself, they always offer to buy drinks for the woman. They then conduct what they call a ‘culture check’: a supposed evaluation of whether the candidate fits the company’s culture. This quickly devolves into creepsville with a string of increasingly inappropriate questions. Some of the more noteworthy questions we have documented include asking about past romantic relationships, clothing preferences, opinions of the ethicalness of polyamory, what surprise gifts the woman likes to receive, and even philosophical views on if soulmates exist. Of course, the outcome of this culture check is that Alex thinks the woman is an amazing candidate and can’t wait to help get them hired.


Alex’s tactics next involve promising to help the woman prepare for job interviews, including providing interview questions and technical coding tests to help the woman be ready for the big day. Unfortunately, this offer comes with a catch, Alex will only provide this help if the woman agrees to keep meeting in person. This turns what initially seemed like a discussion about professional opportunities into a series of coercive interactions that resemble dates.

What typically happens at this point is the woman is naturally a bit creeped out and unsure what is going on. The woman will politely say something like she isn’t sure and might have to think about it. What follows in the weeks after is a barrage of increasingly desperate and hostile messages from Alex. Alex will start out nicely asking if the woman is still interested. But if she doesn’t respond, this quickly becomes accusations that the woman has been wasting their time and misleading them. Alex employs guilt-tripping and emotional pressure to coerce women into continuing their interactions. Alex likes to imply that the woman's career prospects are at risk if she does not comply with their requests for meetings.

When a woman expresses discomfort or declines further interactions, Alex starts to get angry. Alex responds with increasingly desperate and hostile messages, accusing her of wasting their time and misleading him. If she does not comply, Alex threatens to ‘blacklist’ her across all technology recruiters, claiming again to have connections with big tech companies like Google and Microsoft. We don’t think Alex actually has any such connections. But Alex has also been known to spread malicious rumours about women who reject their advances, attempting to undermine their professional reputations. In one case Alex has even contacted their current employer with false allegations of unprofessionalism and dishonesty.

Alex then moves on to the next woman to harass, rinse and repeat.

We strongly advise against engaging with Alex Hogue or responding to any supposed job opportunities they present. Alex’s behavior is manipulative and harmful. We also urge event organizers to exclude him from future events and to take harassment reports seriously. We are thankful for those event organizers who have been proactive and investigated our harassment reports, and for the actions they have already taken.
